Update hyperledger_matriculation_api.md (#51)
upb-uc4/api: hyperledger_matriculation_api.md

  - ```json
      {
        "type": "HLConflict",

>         "title": "There is already a MatriculationData for the given enrollment.id",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        "title": "There is already a MatriculationData for the given enrollmentId",
```

        "invalidParams": []
      }
      ```

>     - Description: This error is returned, if a matriculation data with the given enrollment.id is already present on the ledger.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Description: This error is returned, if a matriculation data with the given enrollmentId is already present on the ledger.
```

### Update Matriculation Data
- ID = updateMatriculationData
- Send

>     - newMatriculationData :: MatriculationData

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - updatedMatriculationData :: MatriculationData
```

- Receive
    - ""
      - Description: Done.

    - ```json
      {
        "type": "HLNotFound",

>         "title": "There is no MatriculationData for the given enrollment.id"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        "title": "There is no MatriculationData for the given enrollmentId"
```

      }
      ```

>       - Description: This error is returned, if the enrollment.id specified in the MatriculationData is not present on the ledger.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - Description: This error is returned, if the enrollmentId specified in the MatriculationData is not present on the ledger.
```

### Get Matriculation Data
- ID = getMatriculationData
- Send

>     - enrollment.id :: String

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - enrollmentId :: String
```

- Receive
    - MatriculationData

    - ```json
      {
        "type": "HLNotFound",

>         "title": "There is no MatriculationData for the given enrollment.id"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        "title": "There is no MatriculationData for the given enrollmentId"
```

      }
      ```

>       - Description: This error is returned, if the enrollment.id is not present on the ledger.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - Description: This error is returned, if the enrollmentId is not present on the ledger.
```

- ID = addEntriesToMatriculationData
- Send

>     - enrollment.id :: String

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - enrollmentId :: String
```

    - ```json
      {
        "type": "HLNotFound",

>         "title": "There is no student for the given enrollment.id"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        "title": "There is no student for the given enrollmentId"
```

      }
      ```

>       - Description: This error is returned, if the enrollment.id is not present on the ledger.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - Description: This error is returned, if the enrollmentId is not present on the ledger.
```

### <a id="MatriculationData" />MatriculationData
```json
{

>   "enrollment.id": "string",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  "enrollmentId": "string",
```
